Now, what's our train number?
T-27 to LASA.
It's leaving from platform 2.
The meeting in LASA is very important for us, but I'm sorry you can't come with us, Betty.
So am I, but I can't miss two weeks of school.
Will you remember everything I've told you?
Be especially careful with the door.
Shut it when you're in and lock it when you go out.
Yes, Mom. I can look after myself.
Although it won't be easy for me.
Well, make sure you eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables.
And I've left lots of your favorite biscuits.
Don't worry. I can cook simple meals.
There won't be anybody to wake you up in the morning.
I'll be fine.
My clock rings so loudly that it will certainly wake me up.
I'm sure I've forgotten something, but I don't know what it is.
Announcement. We advise all passengers for train T-27 to LASA to go immediately to platform 2.
Your train is about to leave.
That's your train. Goodbye, Mom. Goodbye, Dad.
I know. I haven't given you our address in LASA.
Send me a text message. Have a good trip.
Bye, my dear. Bye. See you in a couple of weeks.